---
title: Title
description: description
ms.devlang: azurecli
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 03/11/2022 
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
---
1. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
2. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
3. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
4. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
5. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
6. Notify objects are COM objects that reside within dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). These DLLs are COM *component servers*. Each type of network component is associated with a *class installer* which installs specific types of network components and registers COM *class objects* that are owned by these network components. After the main install phase for network components is complete, the objects are registered. To register a COM class object, the class installer calls the object's DLL entry-point function.
